Deployment of Project
    Tools for Deployment
        All tools mentioned are open-source:
            Firebase (by Google)
                Used for authentication and real-time database.
            Netlify
                Provides domain names.
                Easy to learn with drag-and-drop functionality.
            Git, GitHub, and GitLab
                Currently being learned.
            Bitbucket
                Another version control and collaboration tool.
        Deployment Workflow
            The deployment process involves the following steps and tools:
            Git and GitHub
                Used for version control and code management.
            Jenkins
                Automates the process of fetching files from Git/GitHub.
                Git labs is more easy for Jenkins
            Docker
                Generates container images from the application.
            Kubernetes   
                Manages and orchestrates Docker containers.
            AWS (Amazon Web Services)
                Cloud platform for hosting and scaling applications.
            EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)
                Virtual computer provided by AWS for running applications.
Session start:
    What is git and github:
        A platform where developers can create,store,manage,deploy and share their code in public
        Github is a cloud in that we will store and manage the data
        Git is used to track the code in a github
        Git is a version controller
    How to use?
        Need to install some tools like:
            Git Bash
            either run it on cmd or vs code
    in the local repos we have two
        un tracked files( these will be converted to tracked files)
            create 
            update
            delete
        tracked files
        the command for the conversion of untracked to tracked files is
            git add file-same
            git add .
            git commit -m "message"
    in github we have repositories
        when we create a repo it will generate a http link
        which we attack with out local repo
            the command for that is :
                git remote add origin http-path( the http path is the repo http link)
    for the repos to upload to the repo the command is:
        git push -u( unstream-will upload all the files to the github repo byte by byte ) origin main/master
    git pull is used to retreive the files from the repo and we update it and change it from untracked to tracked and then we commit again
    We can create n number of branches